# digitalStudies_ghostStoriesProject
 - **Team co-ordinator (gif1111):** This person is responsible for calling and chairing team meetings and making sure everyone has something to work on and knows what that something is. The co-ordinator also needs to keep track of what tasks have to be finished before other tasks can be done, and needs to communicate that to the team in writing. The team co-ordinator is not the boss. Their job is to facilitate everyone else doing their best work.
 - **Subject expert (dvbest):** Often (not always) the person who proposed the project, the subject expert a) knows about the topic, b) is prepared to go out and learn more, and c) will educate other team members. A good project requires context and commentary, both during the process and in the final product.
 - **Quality control officer (21stonerl):** It is easy for teams doing markup to be inconsistent. This person will look over everyone else's code and make sure that they are all using the schema correctly and consistently. The QCO may also be in charge of writing and continually fine-tuning the schema, and for communicating any developments to the team.
 - **Web design/UX maven (21stonerl, ALL):** The question of how to organize the website should be on the table from day one, since the structure of the website is the structure of the project. This team member must ensure that the site is not just attractive but also intuitive.
 - **Documentation officer (jay17363):** All projects should include extensive documentation: what decisions were made and why; what XSLT/XQuery scripts were made to create what HTML pages; what the sources of the texts were; what the research questions were, and how they developed over the course of the project. Readers of the website need to understand your questions and findings; further, a future student team might want to pick up where you left off, and they need to know what they're working with.
